In this video you are going to learn how to get traffic from curagh.
I'm going to walk through some real life examples to show you the overall strategy whether you're a
business or an individual.
And then we will really look at some of the key benefits of cures and marketing channel over their marketing
channels like YouTube Facebook and ceramic cetera.
So firstly let's start with the strategy.
What is the strategy to get traffic from curagh.
Well it's very simple.
You just want to answer questions that your potential customers are asking and that's important to note.
I answer questions that your potential customers are asking not just any random question about a topic
that you know of where you really want to answer those questions that your potential customers are asking
so that you can really get in front of them with an answer and then give a decent answer and then redirect
them to your Web site or product so they can learn more.
So for example this is a question of my potential customer might ask How hard is it to make money on
Farver.
Now I give an answer with some valuable information about how to do it and what is the potential revenue
etc. and then are really at the end tell them that if they want to learn more Ive documented everything
here in essentially an online course which I'm redirecting them to there.
So I am answering questions to show that I'm an authority to be helpful and to get in front of my potential
customers and redirecting them to a Web site where they can buy my product.
So it's a very simple strategy just be helpful answer your questions and then redirect them back to
your site.
That's the strategy.
So the cool thing is that I can see that 30000 people have viewed this question so I know it's a good
question to answer.
And also I'm the top rated 20 so I am getting the vast majority of the views for this question.
You can see there are the ones down there.
So we're going to go through how you can get to the top like this and get most of the views but for
now just understand that the strategy is very simple answer questions that your potential customers
are asking give an answer read them or redirect them back to your site and it doesn't matter if you're
kind of an individual like me or if you're working for a company it's the same strategy.
So here's an answer from somebody who works in a company.
If you're answering questions on behalf of a company to get traffic to a company's side the best way
to do it is to answer from your own personal profile.
But just update your profile name with that your in whatever company.
And then you can.
At the end of the question once again just redirect them back to your company web site.
In order to get more traffic to the site it's the same strategy whether you're an individual or company
now.
So that's we looked at how to do it to get ad sales.
This is a traffic just redirecting them back to a blog post.
And here's another example of ads for somebody in kind of personal finance investing what happens defend
or when backed by angel investors if a company fails.
He is a very helpful answer.
And then at the end I write about investing several times a week for free here.
And if you click through you can see and pop up rates.
Join the mailing list.
So I've shown you their examples of how to use cure to drive sales traffic and e-mail sign ups.
And in all three cases the strategy is the same.
Just answer questions that your potential customers are answering.
Now some advanced advantages of q or over other marketing channels like say YouTube.
Well you can see that this answer is only about two paragraphs long.
Took me about 10 minutes to write and that's a lot easier than writing a huge blog post or creating
a YouTube video which can be a little bit harder to put together especially for not so familiar with
how to create videos.
Another advantage of cure is that there is very long term traffic.
So I wrote this answer over a year ago.
I'm still the top dancer.
I'm still getting the majority of the views and so that is a lot longer shelf life than say Facebook
post where you're only in their news feed for 24 hours.
Same with Instagram.
Same with Twitter.
So cure.
Not only is it easier to create content on but it's also the shelf life that content can be much much
longer than other marketing plan platforms.
So I hope that's got you excited about your dot.com at why it's such a good market and channel how easy
it is to drive traffic and read that you understand the basic strategy is just answer questions and
then redirect people back to your site or your product or your email list so they can really sign up
and learn more from you.